Source: https://fallout.fandom.com/wiki/Hubris_Comics_terminal_entries_(Fallout_3)#Reign_of_Grelok_.28beta.29

Script (etwas erweitert und verändert):
#NOTES
*Changes
`things marked with an "!" are interactable objects´
`villain "grelok" renamed into "evil wizard"´
`added item "valuables", "holy water"´

*Script Notes
`talking to the blacksmith can be done in a different order, but needs "valuables" and always gives "magical sword" at the end
after you give him the three needed items´
`unsure what to do with item "holy water" 1.maybe use it on some character to reveal that they are an werewolf or something as an easter egg´
                                          2.make it necessary to defeat the evil wizard -> make him a demon or something
*(not added)Features 
`would like to add a "pond" and a "fishing rod" at some point´
'need to add dialogue for actions that do nothing: for example going south of the town'
for the moment:
ACTIONS that do not work should answer this:
'go:   you can't go there'
'talk: you can't talk to that'
'use:  you can't use that'
'look: you can't look at that'
'take: you can't take that'

*Short Story
                                  mountainside
                                       ^ north
                        east           |         west
Short Form: Map:  Chapel <--        Plains      --> Swamp
                                       |
                                       v south
                                     town
                                     
Short Guide:   Slay evil wizard -> win game
               -> get "raw gem" at Mountainside 
               -> go to Swamp get "magical shard", "refined gem" & "valuables" from wizard
               -> go to blacksmith get "magical sword" lose "rusty sword" "magical shard", "refined gem" & "valuables"
               -> go to mountainside, use magical sword on wizard
               
   
   
#SCRIPT
(Plains) 
You are standing in a wide plain. 
> Look around
You examine your surroundings... 
Foothills stretch to the north, where clouds gather around an ominous peak. 
A dirt path winds from a lonely chapel to the east, through the plains where you're standing, and south into a bustling town.
Wispy mists gather over marshland in the west, where a thin tower stands alone in the bog.

Go North
> You walk to the north....

(Mountainside)
>Look around
You examine your surroundings...
You are on the craggy, windblasted face of a mountain.
Stormclouds coil above the summit, pelting you and the sparse vegetation with torrential downpour.
Far below, beyond the foothills, a wide plain stretches across the southern horizon.

!A glint between the rocks catches your eye.

!The Wizard is here, spewing heresies.

Use glinting object
> You take a rough gemstone from the rocks

Use Sword on Evil Wizard
> Your puny weapons are useless against the Wizard

Go South
> You retreat to the south....

Go South
(Town) 
>Look Around
You're standing in the dusty market square of a quiet town.
Many of the shops and homes lie abandoned,
and the citzens that can be seen speak in hushed voices,
casting furtive glances at the darkened skyline in the distant north.
The ringing of an anvil breaks the silence regularly, where a mustachioed blacksmith bends over his work in a nearby tent.

!The blacksmith is here, working.

!A priest is here, drinking.

> Talk to the blacksmith

Your eyes water from the smoke and smarmy heat inside the tent.
The huge man swipes sweat from his bald head and looks up from his work.

"There's no shortage of work to be done with the Evil Wizard scarin' everyone witless.
Leave me to filling my orders, stranger." 
With that, the blacksmith dismisses you from his tent and douses a hot blade in water, hissing with steam.

> Talk to the priest

The priest notices your approach and looks up from his swilling.
"Our time has come, and we are forsaken!", he cries. "Urp!", he continues.

As you recover from the stench of the priestly belch, you are told that the priest has fled from his nearby chapel.
When the Evil Wizard arrived on the mountain, the dead in his cemetery began to rise, and his congregation scattered.

Task: "If you could rid the place of the zombies", he tells you, "I'll give you the key, and you can help yourself to the apothecary"

Go East
You walk to the east...

(Chapel) 
>Look Around
You stand at the end of a dirt path, facing a small chapel.
The stucco walls are faded, many roof tiles are missing.
The great oaken doors are locked. The congregation is nowhere to be found.
A small cemetery of crooked headstones lies in the shadow of the cracked steeple.
The dirt path winds westward through a great, featureless plain.

!A zombie totters aimlessly nearby.

!There is an open grave nearby.

>Use Sword Zombie
Your blow knocks the zombie into a grave.

>Examine the Grave
You peer into the open grave...
There is a deep, empty grave in the cemetery.
Several bloated rats floating in a foot of filthy water at the bottom.
Don't fall in!

!A grotesque zombie head is stuck on a root near the top of the grave.

>Take Head
You bag the horrific trophy as proof of your deed.

Go West
> You walk to the west...

(Swamp) Look Around

You are standing on a narrow stone path in a dark marsh.
Greasy bubbles float to the top of the bog-waters on either side and pop lazily, spattering your legs with muck and slime.
A short, stone tower squats here. No door is visible, and the stones are smooth and polished.
A balcony juts out midway up the tower's face. The heady smells of incense mix with the nauseating stench of the swamp.
The stone path unfurls eastward, towards a broad plain beyond the marshes.

!A wizard is here, gesticulating wildly from his balcony.

>Talk to the wizard

The wizard beckons wildly at you from his balcony.
"You're here, you've arrived!", he exclaims.
After an awkward silence, he jabs an excited finger into a crystal ball, nearly knocking it into the bog.

"I've seen, you see. You're the one to defeat the Wizard. Hoo-hoo!" The little man hops onto the railing, spinning a pirouette.
"Now the time's come to play my part. Toss up the gem!"

The wizard's brow furrows. "Got things a bit out of order, have I? Come back when you've got a powerful gemstone.
Soon - I've never got to fulfill a prophecy before!"

>Talk to the wizard (after taliking to him once without the gem)

The wizard is shooing you away, his sleeves flopping about.

"Go! Find the gemstone and return, so I can play my part!"

>Use Gem Wizard (lose "raw gem" || get "refined gem" and "magical shard")

"Hoo-hoo! The slayer of the Wizard approaches, raw stone in hand, just as I've seen!"
The wizard's pointy hat bobs excitedly as he points a finger at you.
Suddenly, a pale orange arc of light extends from the knobby finger and draws the gemstone from your bag before you can react.
The gemstone halts and hovers in the air before the wizard's nose.

"Essence be true, powers renew, Fatty-Hoo-Do!"
With that, he slaps the hovering stone, smashing it against the smooth stone of the tower.
In a burst of light, the stone splits into two, and one lands in each outstretched palm of the hopping little wizard.

"Shard for the sword. Wrap her in iron and she'll find the evil wizards black heart for you. Take some valuables too.
You'll need payment for a smith to forge the weapon." He tosses the stones down which you leap forward to catch safely.

>Talk to the wizard (after taking the gem and shard)
"Get you to a smithy! Forge the shard with sword, and defeat the evil wizard.

The wizard tosses some pebbles down to shoo you away and busies himself conjuring colored puffs of smoke.

>Go East
You walk to the east...
(plains)

>Go South
You walk to the south...
(town)

>Use valuables on blacksmith(lose "valuables")
He squints this eye at the little pouch you give him, opens it, looks at you in disbelieve.
After composing himself he asks "What would you be needin', then?"

> Use Rusty Sword on Blacksmith(lose "rusty sword")
The blacksmith examines your rusty sword and frowns a bit.

> Use Refined Gem on Blacksmith(lose "refined gemstone")
"A right fine stone, that is." He says, admiring the faceted stone.

>Use the magical shard on Blacksmith(lose "magical shard" || get "magical sword")
Following your careful instructions, the smithy re-forges your rusty sword with the magical shard at the center of the blade

>Use Zombiehead on Priest

The priest drunkenly curses the undead who have defiled his church. You present him with the decapitated zombie head from your bag.

"Praise you!", he hiccups. "Perhaps the wizards influence isn't so strong!".
With that, he turns his decanter over on the head and tosses into a fireplace,
where it bursts into purple flame and burns up almost instantly.

"I must gather the faithful." He presses a brass key into your palm,
"Please, help yourself to what little may be of use at my chapel."

> Speak with the priest

The priest is drinking water, poring over a thick, leatherbound volume connected by a thick leather thong to his neck.
He notices you only when you've come very close.

"Ah, good friend! Have you gone ahead to open the chapel?
My body still aches with drink, I'm afraid, but soon I will gather the congregation and return myself."

Go North

> You walk to the north...
Go East
(Chapel) 

>Use Door
The door is locked and does not bulge an inch...

>Use Key on Chapel (lose "key")
The chapel doors are unlocked.

> You examine your surroundings...
Look at Chapel

Dust motes hang lazily in the shafts of colored light stretching across the chapel from peaked windows.
The pews, pulpit, and everything else are covered in a fine mist. There is a very deep stone cistern near the entrance. 
It is full to the brim with blessed water.

!There is more than enough water here to fill your tiny flask.

> You step into the empty chapel...

>Use drinking flask(lose "drinking flask" || get "holy water")
You fill your flask with the holy water

Go West

> You walk to the west...


>Use Magic Sword on evil wizard

When you draw your sword, the evil wizard lowers his great horned head and bellows laughter in your face. 
You grit your teeth and swing a mighty two-handed blow, the magical blade ringing clearly, even amid the tumult of throaty cackling.
You swing the sword so fiercely, it escapes your grip and hurtles into the open maw of the monstrosity,
lost from sight in the arid darkness of the wizards throat.
You step back as the wizard jerks his mouth shut and stands upright. He is still for a moment, then starts clawing at his neck. 
Muffled, a ringing can be heard as if from a great distance.

Suddenly, the wizard's chest bursts in a fount of viscous, green blood. 
The Ringing can be heard clearly now, and as thick lifeblood oozes around the protruding tip of the magic sword,
the stormclouds swirling the peak are already clearing. The evildoer is defeated!

            THE END

*Inventory
Rusty Sword
> Your weapon. Rusty, but trusty.

Drinking Flask
> A very small flask to carry water.

Holy Water
> Your flask filled with holy water from the chapel.

Zombie Head
> The smell may make you unpopular...

Refined Gemstone
> A brilliant, faceted gemstone

Magical Shard
> The gem shard pulses with magical light...

Magic Sword
> An enchanted weapon to defeat Grelok

Brass Key
> Key given to you by the priest

Raw Gemstone
> This gemstone may be valuable...

Valuables
> A little pouch containing gold coins and small gems

*Actions
 
>Go 
North, South, West, East

>Use 

>Talk

>Look

*Characters

Evil Wizard
Wizard
Priest 
Blacksmith
Zombie	
