(Plains) Look around
You look around...

As you are standing on a great plain you can only see the blue sky with clouds.
After looking around, you recognize a dark cave in the north.
In the west you can see a peaky castle behind some mountains.
A misty and dead forest stretches across the southern horizon and a barn made out of porous wood in the east.

A sparkle between the trees in the south catches your eye.

> Go South

(Forest) Look around
You look around...

!Ghorkan, the Master of Forest, is here.

Your measly sword is useless against the evil Ghorkan and you are cursed by a ban.

> Go East

(Barn) Look around
You look around...

!Typhon, a shepherd, is here.

Walking towards the porous barn you recognize a beardy man with a dog nearby.
The man does not seem pretty chatty.
Nevertheless, he hands you a bag with sticks and a hilt.

Take sticks and a hilt
> You take a bag with sticks and a hilt from Typhon.

> Go West

(Castle) Look around
You look around...

You reach the castle after a long way across the mountains.
It is surrounded by a crowdy town full of houses and a market with shops.
The citizens there are selling food and other stuff.
You can hear a ringing anvil from a blacksmith in a tent near the market.

> Go to the tent

!The blacksmith is here, swinging his hammer.

You enter the tent and tell the blacksmith of the occurrences in the forest.
He talks to you.

"Haha, fighting against the Master of Forest with this puny equipment is suicide.
I can craft you a strong sword... but only with some good raw materials.
Bring them to me if you have them."

!A nobleman is walking by.

"I heard that you fought against Ghorkan.
Everyone who loses is cursed by a ban... only if you defeat him you will be free of this ban.
A sword made by the rare jewel steel is able to kill him.
Luckily I have a bag of it.
To get the jewel steel, you have to do me a favour.
For this issue you will need some torches and flint. I will wait for you in the castle."

Take torches and flint
> You take a bag with torches and flint from the nobleman

Task: "Kill the black knight in the cave in the north, he has murdered
the whole family of the nobleman long time ago."

> Go North

(Cave) Look around
You look around...

On the way to the cave some stormy clouds rise along the sky and it begins to rain.
The rising storm makes it hard to find the entrance of the dark cave.
As you enter the moisty cave, you take a torch to have a better look in it.
Bones are on the ground and is very spooky.
You walk deeper in the cave and discover a small light at the end of a passage.
Breathing is getting harder for you...

!Dain, the dark knight, is here.

"You little chap... it was a fault to come here.
Your fate will be the same as the ones who got here before."

After a long fight you kill the black knight. With blood all around you take
the helmet of the black knight as a proof for the nobleman.

Take black helmet
> You take the black helmet in your bag

> Go West

(Castle) Look around
You look around...

Really exhausted you reach the castle.
The nobleman opens the door and is surprised.

"You really killed Dain?! You have my respect. I instructed many other people before to kill him.
No one ever came back to me...
Here is the promised jewel steel, do not waste it"

Take jewel steel
> You take the bag with jewel steel from the nobleman

> Go to the tent of the blacksmith

To craft the incredible sword out of the rare material, you give some sticks,
the hilt and the jewel steel to the blacksmith.

"Crafting this sword will take a while, the steel needs a certain temperature."

After some hours, the blacksmith finished crafting the sword. He comes out of his
tent and hands it to you.

Take the sword
> You take the sword from the blacksmith

> Go South

(Forest) Look around
You look around...

!Ghorkan, the Master of Forest, is here.

You enter the foreboding forest...
Your heartbeat is going faster and faster thinking of the last time here.
It is getting dark, the trees, stones and creatures within the forest cast shadows.
And then you recognize the same sparkle in the darkness. Ghorkan, he is there.
You take a deep breath, take your new sword in the hand and walk towards him.

"You again, was last time not enough for you?
This time you won't get out of here alive."

With a great hit into Ghorkan's heart you made it to kill the Master of Forest.
Concurrently, the ban of Ghorkan that layed on you was gone and the forest was full of life with peaceful animals.
